hello guys trouble 8:35 back again
make another video this time I wanna
talk about something I saw is kind of
cool it's from rose-colored gaming to go
back in the history when you talk about
second handhelds of course everybody
remembers who was around the Sega Game
Gear which is probably the most
predominant handheld Sega ever made
basically at the time competing with the
Nintendo Gameboy I was seeing the tenant
was black and white then they were color
looks really cool the games obviously
were color and obviously better graphic
detail but a fortunate game view was big
kind of clunky and had a short battery
life unless you had the AC adapter later
on Sega when I had to make the second
Nomad which is basically a handheld that
allows you to play your Genesis games on
the go again not as cookie but again
battery life was an issue obviously
screens were kind of finicky back then
unlike today a lot of work backlit so
you had to get the right angle to see
the screens had it be in daylight kind
of thing so what's so on anyway well as
color gaming has decided to go and make
a Sega Nomad X basically Sega Nomad X is
basically modify Nomad it basically
upgrades the Nomad to modern stuff for
example better battery life better audio
and replaces the screen you know for the
Nomad with a 3.5 inch LCD screen or it's
giving you much better quality screen
playing the game replaced plastic lenses
and stuff so basically updating the
Nomad to current technology to make a
better gaming experience for people who
want to play their genesis games on the
go now they made there aren't currently
on their site there are two versions of
the Nomad x one called The Wanderer
which is the white version and the other
one called the Venus which is the red
version now currently they're both sold
out but they are $299 a piece and I know
what you're gonna say you're gonna say
well $2.99 is kind of expensive well
with all the mining they're doing and
stuff unlike let's per say the Neo Geo X
when the Neo Geo X came out and the
price it had a lot of people were kind
of blindsided because there wasn't the
quality they expected for it in this
case they're just upgrading stuff
and the quality looks awesome again
they're my teammates you know in a sense
a current system so it's not like you
don't know the quality of what a Nomad
was and from course four fans were
saying of things who have to have every
second system this is now another one
you'll have to get you said so you put
next to the game year and the Nomad and
now you need to know Matt X to go right
next to the other handheld again it's
cool that they're doing this I think you
know this day and age is you talk about
retro stuff and so much retro stuff
going on that truly has a collector of
any system retro you almost have to keep
up with the news because there's some
there's this new always new things
coming out that as a fan of whatever
system or company that is to collect if
you are a collector of Sega for example
in this case I love my Genesis and I've
seen what I get a second I'm in right
now absolutely not and the reason
there's nothing to do with the second
moment itself actually it's because
there are a lot of Genesis games I still
need to collect from a Genesis to
honestly I have actually a very small
library and if I was the prime focus on
the in the asset probably focused on
this even though because Sega Genesis
games are very expensive
I just haven't and I see my Steam store
hasn't got a lot of new ones and
especially I love to get them all of
course in the case but I could get the
games to buy the cases later secondly
I've never had a second Nomad so I have
no affinity for it and there's no reason
for me to get this yet because that but
it looks really cool and if I was
somebody who already had a nomad and had
the games in one of my collections like
man this would definitely be an option
especially if you want a better quality
experience if you don't like certain
things about the system and like wanted
my career tech this is definitely an
option for you anyway what do you think
about the second Nomad X there's like
look you wanna check it out to the
website would you be interested in
getting it do you think it's cool that
you know people are putting new tech in
old systems and devices to give a better
gaming experience today because I know
stretched imagination do I think the
nomads bad but I think if you were to
give someone would be honest here if I
when I gave my son did for example the
game gear and the time of Jerry game I
got he wanted to play he didn't find
that a great
Green's granted at the time to us it
seemed like a great experience when it
came out but anyway what you think about
a guys the love to hear you guys
opinions and that we'll talk to you guys
later but oh one last thing I forgot
about one last thing in my first take of
doing this video actually we actually
had a thunderstorm of lighting happen
and the power went out so I'm gonna add
at the very end of this video the very
end the power actually going out so you
can see what happened anyway guys talk
to you guys later
if you're looking for again another
handheld for your Sega collection if
you're a sec collector